
Heh Im probably breaking some unspoken dev rule now by not using the fancy page I forked over, but it ditnt feel right, plus I just want to say hello, and tell you a sweet story. I could make it 15 pages but fuck that well focus on why I am here today. ''


#Hey everyone. This probably counts as my first official time writing code. I dont know how much you people know but im gonna tell you my side cause its a good story. 

Im big into crypto, or I was, DEFI especially. One day I heard of something called flash loans where you could loan money but with no risk. Something like that. The only catch was was that
You needed to write some codfe which I had never done before. Well lucky me I found a website with an preprogrammed software that did just that. I never got to know if it actualy executed the loan or not but
a day or so later my phone was fucked up. I of course realized someone had gottten root access or something close. Proble,m was U had about 5k europ in btc, I couldnt just ditch.
I stayed up for 2 days straight sending pullback requests. It worked for a while and was even kinda fun. Then I realized what had happened. All my money, all my account including my emails owere jacked.
It sucked. It was like the 4th really awful thing that happened to me in about 6 months. aabout 1 month earlier my doig was stolen and shit like that. 

Anyway few days ago i said fuck it im getting that code back its rightfully mine and was straight up stolen. (Ill tell you why, I put my repocitory on public and had no sort of security. 
But I really had no idea what I was doing lol. Anyway back to this, im getting my code back, succeding also, this time I actually know some commands ánd I end uo with accessm over my own
account and sort of the code, but after going at it for 2 days straight no sleep I was happy with that. 

I think I feel that the person who rooted me is starting to like me a little, ( he for sure didnt at first teried to steal 200 bvucks andj fuck up my accounts right away lol. 
But some way some how I ended up here and I most say I am exctemely happy. Not only because you guys seem to be doing something really awesome and I want to be a oart of it,
but also cause I kind of caught a break, something good and exicting jhappend, so yes very happy. 

The purpose of this entry is to introduce myselif as the initial author of the code, I am from Sweden, 26 years old currently unemplyed. I have no prior skills in coding but I have always wantewd to
learn and even before this I was already set on learning. If there is a kind soul out there that wants to mentor me I would be very greatful. Anyways guys, thanks for not just stealing my 
monmey and doing shit with it now this can give us all purpose. Lets blow this omne out the building!

Oh yeah also I think I added a donate button below that you can use if you want to give a little back. Not gonna kie my economical situation is not great so i would be extremely greatful.
'
Thanks all and looking forward to workimng and learning with you 

Author: Misamoo
